# CS300-Anaylsis-and-Design
The primary problem I was solving throughout this course was designing and implementing an advising assistance program that stores, organizes and retrieves course information. The program had to be able read data from a CSV file, store it in a data structure, display information in alphanumeric order, and allowe users to search for specific data. Throughout, I was able to work with vectors, hash tables, and binary search trees to find which would be more applicable based on the information provided. The best way for me to tackle the assignment was ensuring I had adequate psuedocode prepared before working on the projects and this led me into a general design as well as helped me prepare check validation points throughout my code. During this process, it also helped me see the benefits and downfalls of using specific data structures. Vectors are simple, but require sorting and linear searches. Hash tables provide fast lookups , but does not naturally maintain sorted data. A binary search tree supports efficient searching and in-order traversal for sorted output. Much of the progject, I ran into various coding errors and had quite a bit of confusion trying to get my program to read the CSV file correctly. I was able to troubleshoot this by commenting out code and tackling the project piece by piece finding the minor logic errors and getting it to compile fully in each section. I believe this is another learning experience as these programs that are written from scracth are intimidating and it takes considerable patience and frustration to find a simple } that was missing to close out a function or if/while loop. I need alot more practice and am looking forward to find tuning my techniques to be able to write higher and more in depth programs. 
